# Standup meeting minutes

## Sprint 1

### Week 1: meeting 1

##### Jan 20th, 2021 (Wednesday)
- Participants: all team members

- What we discussed: 
  - each of us brainstormed some project topics
  - Shared project topics we came up with other team members

- TODO for the next meeting:
  - evaluate topics we brainstormed based on feasibility, functionality
  - choose some favorite topics and give reasons


### Week 1: meeting 2

##### Jan 21st, 2021 (Thursday)
- Participants: all team members

- What we discussed: 
  - decide project topics based on functionalities, feasibilities
  - discuss features for the project topic
  - to assign user stories.

- TODO:
  - Each team member needs to write user stories for feature(s) assigned to him.
 

### Week 1: meeting 3

##### Jan 22nd, 2021 (Friday)
- Participants: all team members

- What we discussed: 
  - Project Summary (Target Audience & Selling Points),
  - Core Features,
  - User stories,
  - Technologies we are going to use (MERN).

- TODO:
  - Create a sample project proposal which can be discussed with TA. 


### Week 2: meeting 1

##### Jan 25nd, 2021 (Monday)
- Participants: all team members

- What we discussed: 
  - Project Summary (Acceptance Criteria)
  - User Stories, along with the estimates
  - chose to use git-flow 


### Week 2: meeting 2

##### Jan 28th, 2021 (Thursday)
- Participants: all team members

- What we discussed: 
  - Project summary
  - finalized estimates for user stories
  - prepare questions to check with TA
  - Booked an appointment with TA (Ximing Dong) on Jan 29th (Friday)


### Week 2: meeting 3

##### Jan 29th, 2021 (Friday)
- Participants: all team members

- What we discussed: 
  - Reviewed our project with TA (Ximing Dong)
  - Decided team name: MR. AJ
  - Switched to use tech stack: PERN

- TODO:
  - Acceptance Criteria
    -Each of us will write acceptance criteria for all user stories within the assigned feature.


### Week 3: meeting 1

##### Feb 1st, 2021 (Monday)
- Participants: all team members

- What we discussed: 
  - Sending an email to the new member.
  - User Stories (Acceptance Tests).

- TODO:
  - Have to finish reviewing the rest of the acceptance tests.
  - Have to add one more core feature. 


### Week 3: meeting 2

##### Feb 2nd, 2021 (Tuesday)
- Participants: all team members

- What we discussed: 
  - Decided the last core feature that we have to implement.
  - Reviewed user Stories (Acceptance Tests).

- TODO:
  - Have to finish writing user stories and acceptance tests for the new core feature.
  
### Week 3: meeting 3

##### Feb 3rd, 2021 (Wednesday)
- Participants: all team members

- What we discussed:
  - Had gone over the update on the project summary — Two highlights of the projects: (i) Searching & (ii) FAQ.
  - Had gone over the user stories and acceptance criteria for the fifth feature — FAQ.
  - Had gone over the sprint 1 grading scheme to ensure we’re not missing anything.
  - Had discussed the following questions: 
      1. Would exceeding two pages for the project proposal be fine? (Yes, it'd be fine, based on the reply from the Professor.)
      2. What kind of document formats should be submitted, e.g. PDF or Github link?
  - Had discussed and assign tasks for the presentation: each of us will responsible for creating a slide associated with a feature for the presentation.
  - Had briefly discussed branch protection rules
 
- TODO:
  - Confirm submission format with the professor tomorrow during class.
  - Ensure all Sprint 1 materials in Github are up-to-date, such that (i) we can close all issues & (ii) deploy from the `develop` branch to the `master` branch.
  - Start to prepare a presentation slide for the assigned feature.


### Week 3: meeting 4

##### Feb 4th, 2021 (Thursday)
- Participants: all team members

- What we discussed: 
  - adding description & core features into README.md.
  - to do final clean up on README.md.
  - to deploy code changes from develop into master.


### Week 3: meeting 5

##### Feb 5th, 2021 (Friday)
- Participants: all team members

- What we discussed: 
  - Prepared slides for the presentation.

- TODO:
  - dev tasks for account management’s user stories
  - front-end design draft
  NEXT MEETING: (sun) feb 7th - 17.00


### Week 3: meeting 6

##### Feb 7th, 2021 (Sunday)
- Participants: all team members

- What we discussed: 
  - Presentation practice and minor updates.

- TODO:
  - Complete dev tasks breakdown.
  - Make rough website design visualization.


### Week 4: meeting 1

##### Feb 9th, 2021 (Tuesday)
- Participants: all team members

- What we discussed: 
  - Presentation finalization.
  - Dev task.
  - Layout design.

- TODO:
  - React/DB Learning
  - Pick Dev Task to work on


### Week 5: meeting 1

##### Feb 15th, 2021 (Monday)
- Participants: all team members

- What we discussed: 
  - Progress on the first user story.
  - Dev task for next user story.

- TODO:
  - Bug fixing (B#61, B#60), Ensure Account Creation works (U#35, T#51)
  - Account Login 
  - GET listings endpoint 
  - DB Migration/Deployment to Heroku for frontend.
  - Add estimate & actual time spent for all backend dev tasks.
  - (General) Update (i) meeting minutes in Wiki & source codes in develop, 
                     (ii) Team member roles (Front-end dev & Back-end devs). 

### Week 5: meeting 2

##### Feb 17th, 2021 (Wednesday)
- Participants: all team members

- What we discussed: 
  - Discussed progress on dev tasks
  - Assigned new dev tasks

- TODO:
  - Post method for login
  - Unit tests
  - Review existing pull requests
  - Work on showing ad listings and pagination

### Week 5: meeting 3

##### Feb 19th, 2021 (Friday)
- Participants: all team members

- What we discussed: 
  - Status check
  - Future project tasks

- TODO:
  - Class and sequence diagrams
  - Testing plan
  - Completion of dev tasks

### Week 6: meeting 1

##### Feb 22nd, 2021 (Monday)
- Participants: all team members

- What we discussed: 
  - Brief status check
  - Most backend work done
  - Some frontend work remaining

- TODO:
  - Continue/complete existing work
  - Integration
  - Testing

### Week 6: meeting 2

##### Feb 26th, 2021 (Friday)
- Participants: all team members and TA: Ximing Dong

- What we covered: 
  - Sprint 2 evaluation with TA: Ximing Dong
  - Introduced the user stories we implemented for sprint 2 to TA
  - The exhibition was done in frontend and using backend service deployed on the server
  - Exhibited our class graphs and test plan

- TODO:
  - Start planning for Sprint 3


## Sprint 3

### Week 7: meeting 1

##### March 1st, 2021 (Monday)
- Participants: all team members

- What we discussed: 
  - User Story -> Task Breakdown
    - Continuous vs Instant -> chose instant breakdown i.e. we make all user stories into dev tasks in the next 2 days instead of as we go.
    - Back/Front end teams break down one UStory into DevTasks.
      - Justin and Mike -> Search Feature
      - Azizul and Nathan -> Modification
      - Ronnie -> QnA -> Front End dev tasks Reviewed by Nathan and Mike
    - Follow Justin's template in #sprint_3 for DevTasks
    - Updated on Github issues By Wed 11:59 PM
    - (Sidenote) We discussed Ronnie working on figuring out how to associate Users with Listings while the others convert US->DT but we decided against it. 

- TODO:
    - Everything needs to be completed by Wed 5 PM
    - Next Meetings: Tue March 2, 5:00 PM to assess the status and discuss any hurdles.

### Week 7: meeting 2

##### Mar 2, 2021 (Tuesday)
- Participants: all team members

- What we discussed: 
  - Discussed status of UStory -> DTask conversions
    - Possibility of front end implemented search
      - Justin will proceed with analyzing back-end search functionality
      - Mike will look into frontend implemented search
  - Modification will need a new field with special visibilities
    - Aziz will finalize backend modification
    - Nathan will finalise frontend modification
  - QnA has 3 core parts
    - Ronnie will finalize backend tasks and attempt to make frontend tasks

- TODO:
  - Evaluate all tasks tomorrow and decide implementations
  - Next Meeting: Wednesday, March 3, 5:00 PM

### Week 7: meeting 3

##### Mar 3, 2021 (Tuesday)
- Participants: all team members

- What we discussed: 
  - Discussed all the dev tasks
  - Evaluated them and finalized the implementation

- TODO:
  - Picking up the dev task that suits according to our choice

### Week 8: meeting 1

##### Mar 8, 2021 (Monday)
- Participants: all team members

- What we discussed: 
  - Discussed the progress of our dev tasks
  - Discussed the time required for the assigned task 

- TODO:
  - Progressing with the task and finish it in an appropriate timeline.

### Week 9: meeting 1

##### Mar 16, 2021 (Tuesday)
- Participants: all team members

- What we discussed: 
  - Discussed current tasks for everyone.
    - Ronnie: presentation draft and MyListings backend
    - Justin: Search backend
    - Aziz: Modify backend
    - Nathan: Componentisation
    - Mike: MyListings frontend
  - Presentation Outline:
    - Basic overview of Rentr and Tech Stack
    - Postman usage
    - Heroku deployment
    - Front end specifics 

- TODO:
  - Polish the slides for presentation.

### Week 9: meeting 2

##### Mar 17, 2021 (Wednesday)
- Participants: all team members

- What we discussed: 
  - Finished the final edit for the presentation 

- TODO:
  - Practice the presentation a few times to deliver that smoothly.

### Week 10: meeting 1

##### Mar 22, 2021 (Monday)
- Participants: all team members

- What we discussed: 
  - Discussed the progress of newly taken tasks
  - Discussed the backend part of the update and delete functionalities

- TODO:
  - Have to implement mylist in the backend which will be the basis for update and delete 

### Week 10: meeting 2

##### Mar 23, 2021 (Tuesday)
- Participants: all team members

- What we discussed: 
  - Discussed the backend part of the search functionalities

- TODO:
  - Focus on the individual user stories and try to finish as much as possible. 

### Week 10: meeting 3

##### Mar 24, 2021 (Wednesday)
- Participants: all team members

- What we discussed: 
  - Discussed the backend part of the comment section, replies, and chaining of comments

- TODO:
  - Have to create another table in the database for comments and chain of comments

### Week 10: meeting 3

##### Mar 25, 2021 (Thursday)
- Participants: all team members

- What we discussed: 
  - Ronnie: Acceptance tests-> finalize software to use-> start with acc test for registration
  - Justin: GET req for QnA, UserID consistency bug,
  - Aziz: Delete route for modifying feature (needs Justin's POST routes from QnA),
  - Nathan: QnA Section frontend
  - Mike: work on modify listing

- TODO:
  - Finalize all the tasks and finish by tomorrow morning


## Sprint 4

### Week 11: meeting 1

##### April 1st, 2021 (Thursday)
- Participants: all team members

- What we discussed: 
  - Ronnie: Cypress vs testcafe for token cookies
  - Justin:(high priority) TravisCI Setup for Acceptance Test
           (med priority) integration test for backend
  - Nathan: I will be working on the front end of the cities user story. First, just the displays. Then depending on the backend, I will add input fields.
  - Aziz: Started implementing the availability functionality. Get all the listings that are available works, need to test the update and post routes. After that, will start with the second user story (Add "Search by city" functionality).
  - Mike: Add notification for add comment and question for QnA section, add available or not for listings.

### Week 12: meeting 2

##### April 4th, 2021 (Sunday)
- Participants: all team members

- What we discussed: 
  - Ronnie: Presentation draft and if possible convert cypress acceptance tests to testcafe.
  - Justin: TestCafe setup (used for project acceptance test & back-end integration test) & Integrate with Travis CI. Back-end Integration Tests
  - Nathan: I will be adding a switch component to a listing full view so that a listing owner can use to mark it as unavailable, and on hiding a listing if a user does not own it and if the listing is unavailable
  - Aziz: 1. Started with "Search by City" functionality.
          2. Implemented the backend and tested with postman.
          3. Will finalize and write the PR by tonight.
  - Mike: Fix the pic upload bug, and work on add cites dropdown to:
          1. profile page
          2. add listing page
          3. update listing page

### Week 12: meeting 3

##### April 8th, 2021 (Thursday)
- Participants: all team members

- What we discussed: 
  - Ronnie: User Acc and Listing creation acceptance test
  - Justin: QnA acceptance test 
  - Nathan: Search and Advance search acceptance test
  - Aziz: Modification acceptance test.
